All right.
So like I said in this video we're going to update our movie template function.
We're going to take a look at some the different properties inside that movie detail object.
Remember movie details an object with some expanded properties that describe a particular movie for
each the different properties or statistics that we're printing out we're gonna turn each of these into
some easy to represent no value.
And then we're going to add each of them as a data property to each of these different articles and
that would make it really easy to compare these different values later on without having to worry about
the order in which they are being presented or anything like that.
So inside of here the first thing we're going to do at the top of the function is take a look at some
of the different properties on movie detail and turn them into a.
Easy to compare number format.
This is unfortunately can be just once again although the challenging so the first number that we're
going to try to generate is a number representation of the box office value.
So I'm going to assign that to dollars because that's essentially how this is being represented.
So I want to take a look at the box office value which currently is like that string right there.
Number six hundred twenty three with commas in it where 533 with commas in it and whatnot.
And I want to turn that into a normal integer.
We can compare very easily tobacco over inside of here.
I can say that dollars is movie detail not box capital B box office so this right here is a string.
And once again it's going to look something like this movie is six twenty nine while blah blah.
So we want to remove the dollar sign and we also want to remove any commas in there as well.
So to do so we can use some normal string manipulation methods on box office.
I'm going to call replace I going to find any dollar sign.
Character and replace it with an empty string which essentially just removes it out of that string
now because I'm using a dollar sign instead of a regular expression right here.
I do have to escape it.
Remember what we spoke about earlier on INSIDE THE COURSE about regular expressions.
Dollar sign is a protected value.
So we have to put a kind of backslash right in front of it so that's going to take the dollar sign out
and just remove it entirely.
Now we need to keep that same step for all the commas in here as well.
So once again color replace I'm going to find all the commas and replace them with empty string that's
going to take out all the commas.
Now I just need to take this string and turn it into a number to do so I can call Haas int on that entire
expression.
That's going to pass an integer out of that string as a quick test as usual.
I'll just try to do a console log of $ I'll save that put back over refresh I'll look for Avengers and
I see a number version of six hundred twenty three million appear.
So now we're gonna repeat that same process for all the different values on here.
We're going to essentially run some custom logic on each of them to turn them into some number that
we can insert for each article element and then compare later on the next one we'll do is the Mega Score.
You might think that Mega Score doesn't need any work whatsoever because it looks like it is a actual
number.
Well if you go back to your network request log and look at the expanded detail request that we're making
met score it actually is a string just about everything inside of your is a string.
So for everyone these different values we need to pass them into a number and then throw them into the
DOM Metta score.
I'm DV rating and I am DV votes all included so the next I'll do I'm going to delete that console log
and I'll do Metta score that's going to pass it out of movie detail not meta.
Score
next what I'll do is how about I am D.B. rating.
This one's little bit more challenging.
Notice how it can possibly have a decimal on it.
So in Javascript there's a difference between past ints and another function called Pass float pass
int is going to prevent us from having a decimal.
But if we use past floats that can take a string that has a decimal on it or in it and turn that into
a fold number with a decimal so for I am D.B. score.
Or is it called grading whereas it yep I am to be writing we're going to do a pass float with movie
detail dot I am D B rating and we can do the same thing for the number of votes as well.
This one can use a pass int because there is no decimal on it.
However we do have to remove all the commas in there.
So I'll do.
I am D.B. votes is pass.
Int movie detail dot I am DV votes it's gonna double check that property name.
Yep that's it and I'm DP votes we need to make sure that we go through that thing and replace any comma
we see with an empty string.
As another quick test let's console logout met a score I am rating and I am DV votes I'll save this
refresh.
I'm going to once again look for the Avengers.
I don't actually like the Avengers by the way I'm a way bigger DC fan but I figure everybody out there
probably knows what Avengers is.
That's why I'm using it here.
Just a quick side note.
Okay so we've got the numbers sixty nine eight and blah blah blah.
So looks like we've got all of our values out of here appropriately so we have to take care of is the
actual value right there.
The number of words now passing a number out of here can be a little bit more challenging.
So as usual quick pause and I'll see you in just a minute.